Added 12 new Q&A pairs to the Support knowledgebase section (#1081)
wandb/docs: content/support/how_can_i_define_the_local_folder_where_to_save_the_wandb_files.md

Reviewer: @luisbergua We also have `WANDB_DATA_DIR` which controls the location of the artifacts staging folder that may be useful to add

---

> title: How can I define the local location for `wandb` files?

Author: @mdlinville does this title sound good? I normally see users asking about all the places where `wandb` writes, and how to control those, not only artifacts

Reviewer 2: Gave a suggestion -- wdyt?

> title: How can I define the local folder where to save the wandb files?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: How can I define the local download location for saving artifacts?
```
This question is very similar to another one below. I suggest consolidating them.

Author: Thank you so much for the detailed review and great suggestions Matt! I believe you're talking about content/support/where_are_artifacts_downloaded_and_how_can_i_control_that.md, right? I also thought about it, but the reason for having 2 separate questions is that I have seen several users asking to have in the docs all the locations where `wandb` can write and how to change those (this question), while sometimes users only ask about the path to download artifacts, which is the reason why I duplicated this in 2 separate questions. Lmk if that sounds good though, happy to change if you think it's better!

toc_hide: true
type: docs
tags:
  - environment variables
  - experiments
---

> - `WANDB_DIR=<path>` or `wandb.init(dir=<path>)`: Controls the location of the `wandb` folder created for your training script. Defaults to `./wandb`

Reviewer: @luisbergua I'd suggest adding what the folder contains for clarity (Run's data and logs).

---

> title: How can I define the local location for `wandb` files?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: How can I define the download location for `wandb` files?
```

Author: @mdlinville hmm but this isn't necessarily a download location. `WANDB_DIR` for example is the place where files are created. What about just "How can I define the location for all `wandb` files?"?
